README.md, before:

faast
=====

Makers Challenge #03 - Fast And Accessible Super Tube
-----------------------------------------------------

#### Briefing
> Implement the FAAST system so that it can be 
> deployed into the London underground network.

> The FAAST system will cater for the following
> - There will be a number of trains inside the system.
> - Trains will travel from station to station.
> - Inside of a station, when the train stops, passengers will 
> alight and enter the carriages of the train.
> - A Passenger will touch in at the station and touch out at the destination station.
> - Each coach of a train can hold up to 40 passengers.
> - Each train is made of a number of coaches.

##### Bonus
> If you want to impress the mayor of London even more you will add a 
> charging system where the passengers can only touch in a station 
> (and access the train) if their account has more than 2 GBP.


#### Domain Model
##### Objects
- Passengers
- Trains
- Coaches
- Stations

##### Functionality
- Passenger can touch in at station
- Passenger can touch out at station
- Passenger can enter coach
- Passenger can alight coach
- Train is made of a number of carriages
- Train can travel from station to station
- Train can leave station
- Train can arrive at station
- Coach can hold up to 40 passengers
- Coach can be full
- Coach does not accept any further passengers when full
- Coach can take up passengers
- Coach can release passengers
- Station can hold passengers
- Station can take up passengers
- Station can release passengers
- Station can hold trains
- Station can take up trains
- Station can release trains

Commit message:

Passenger can enter a station, updated domain model

README.md, after:

faast
=====

Makers Challenge #03 - Fast And Accessible Super Tube
-----------------------------------------------------

#### Briefing
> Implement the FAAST system so that it can be 
> deployed into the London underground network.

> The FAAST system will cater for the following
> - There will be a number of trains inside the system.
> - Trains will travel from station to station.
> - Inside of a station, when the train stops, passengers will 
> alight and enter the carriages of the train.
> - A Passenger will touch in at the station and touch out at the destination station.
> - Each coach of a train can hold up to 40 passengers.
> - Each train is made of a number of coaches.

##### Bonus
> If you want to impress the mayor of London even more you will add a 
> charging system where the passengers can only touch in a station 
> (and access the train) if their account has more than 2 GBP.


#### Domain Model
##### Objects
- Passengers
- Trains
- Coaches
- Stations

##### Functionality
- Passenger can touch in at station
- Passenger can touch out at station
- Passenger should know if its checked in or not
- Passenger can board coach
- Passenger should know if its boarded or not
- Passenger can alight coach
- Train is made of a number of carriages
- Train can travel from station to station
- Train can leave station
- Train can arrive at station
- Coach can hold up to 40 passengers
- Coach can be full
- Coach does not accept any further passengers when full
- Coach can take up passengers
- Coach can release passengers
- Station can hold passengers
- Station can take up passengers
- Station can release passengers
- Station can hold trains
- Station can take up trains
- Station can release trains
